hey whats up youtube digital soul here
this one you know I can come across
really serious or i can come across in
many different ways but the title
humanity and what is humanity mean to
you there's just so many things in life
let me tell you about something that
first made me think that there was some
bad people out there in this world i
wasn't great so I mean cuz I lived in a
nice little area when growing up and
everybody was kind to each other and
that's just how it was for me so that's
how I thought everybody was one day I'm
walking to school when you know with my
friends and Weeden it's close it's
halloween time and it's close it's like
right after devil's night or whatever so
I guess it's Halloween whatever you know
it's just somewhere around those days
and we look up on a telephone pole and
there's a skin cat it's got hair on its
paws and around its head but nothing on
its body and I thought to myself you
know I have cats at home what if someone
did that to one of my cats and you know
that was just my first taste of their
being just evil people out during this
well why would anybody want to hurt a
cat like I've heard stories of people
tie and cats tell us their bikes and
dragging them down the street or
whatever or tying a firecracker to the
tail or something would make someone
think that's funny like in this world if
there were people or beings in enough
people the beings that were bigger than
us and could manhandle us in such a way
would we still do the things that we do
you know just because we're the smartest
and the highest you know on the food
chain so to speak you know and even if
that's true you know what I'm saying
because some of these people nowadays
it's just it's rough and that's
with animals there's people out there
that tortured people you know and I'm
not saying just murderers and people
they'd like steal children and you know
abuse them or people that just want to
be serial killers there's just normal
average everyday people out there that
are in relationships or they just have
friends and they're just cruel you know
being just verbally or if it's just
jabbing physically you know I mean it's
just people in this world seem to find
pleasure in hurting other people or
people also find pleasure like I don't
mind like you know i'll turn the UFC
sometimes to me because i watch
wrestling you know and i guess you know
that that's ma'am hurting man supposedly
because it sports an exam with the
wrestling but neat-o see it's pretty
rough but at least those people know
what they're getting into when they walk
into that ring they know what they're
doing you know there's people out there
I saw a video on YouTube where this kid
was surfing and these guys were waiting
for him to come in and when he finally
came in they wanted the younger dude to
beat him up because it was three of them
you know in one surf dude he's all tired
from being at there surfing all day and
he comes in and the other two dudes are
phone and they're saying well you're
gonna let little do beat you up well
we're going to get involved you know
who's just going to stand there let
somebody hit him so you know they
started fighting or whatever and he
starts getting the best a little dude
than the other two dudes going start
kicking them in stuff until the little
dude can't take them down you know
what's wrong with humanity today what's
wrong with people to want to torture or
hurt another you ain't got these kids
driving their own paintball guns in
their cars they're popping paintballs
often people when they find that funny i
watch the thousand ways to die were they
were doing that to somebody in the kid
the air tank was loosened it came off
and shovin hit his buddy the neck and
killed him I mean I guess they say
that's Karma but still you know I mean I
don't like to see anybody happen to die
but you shouldn't want to hurt people
why driver understood somebody with
paintball gun you know and it's usually
kids and it's kids that are left
unsupervised too many adults are having
children in this world and instead of
spending time with their children and
letting them know
right from wrong they let the world out
there teach their kids and they're just
figuring out stuff on their own you know
takes one bad apple spoil bunch man and
that's so true it's so true because kids
are like clay very motivational
humanity's rough man then you know we
constantly go to war we're all here on
one plane I know that I could save this
stuff until I'm blue in the face and
it's not going to make a difference man
but I'm still going to say it anyway
because it needs to be said we're all
human beings we all live on the same
planet if this planet goes we're all
going you know yet we're constantly at
war would not one another because these
people don't see things the way we do
and if these people don't see the things
we do the same then we got to go over
and make them physically forcefully feel
the same way we do and it's the same way
with smaller groups of people man you
got this gay guys and hangs together you
got this gay guys and hangs together and
if this game guys don't like this guy
then they got a problem with all these
guys and then we got fighting constantly
stuff going on because they don't see
things the same and it's a single packs
of girls men girls can be vicious to man
and it's just rough I humanity where's
the humanity where's the caring for one
another now I know there are lots of
people on through the care but why
doesn't everybody why would you want to
hurt somebody why would you want to hurt
an animal I understand people got any
hunt deer to control population to if
they're going to eat it or whatever Nets
their thing you know because it happens
in the wild bear killdeer Cougars
whatever they you know they hunt they
kill that's what happens but if we're
the higher thought of intelligence of
people then why do we hurt one another
what you're saying it's not me it's not
me well are you doing anything to stop
it I'm not saying if you see a fight to
go in there and get yourself in trouble
and jump in and try to break it up but
when someone you see does something and
if you are capable of say
amen that's important or something or
what why would you want to do that at
least question and make them stop and
think because selector were aliens so
like their work and they came down here
to our planet and they see one bad
people person that's who they're going
to judge us off of because we've got one
good person one bad person we're still
bad because there's a bad seat because
this good person is capable of this you
know especially if they're not trying to
stop that and then we'll get judged
harshly no blow us all up and we'll be
gone then we won't even have to worry
about it no more but we're all here we
have a beautiful world that we live on
and we should take advantage of that and
instead of hurting one another and I'm
just saying if you are someone that's
doing these sorts of things question
yourself why you're doing it are you
really that bored that you got to go out
and then flick pain upon something else
where's humanity man this digital salt
stop and think about it tell someone why
are you doing that so you guys send with
some more late party and video game
image because as we know Batman midnight
tonight but I'm not getting my until
tomorrow morning but that's still cool
cause I still be playing see you guys
soon right thanks for watching peace